chore(docs): queue single consumer (#2705)
winglang/wing: docs/05-reference/wingsdk-spec.md

> - What is the API for message deduplication?
> - Should the API use "push"/"pop" terminology or "send"/"receive" terminology?

A Queue represents a data structure that holds a list of items. Using a queue, you can send, store, and receive messages between software components at any volume, without losing messages or requiring other services to be available.

> Any number of producers can push messages to the queue, and a single consumer can pop messages from the queue.

Author: I agree. (forgot that we also have the pop API, and not only the addConsumer)

> - What is the API for message deduplication?
> - Should the API use "push"/"pop" terminology or "send"/"receive" terminology?

> A Queue represents a data structure that holds a list of items. The distinguishing characteristic of a Queue in our API is its design to interact with a single consumer service.

Author: ```suggestion
A Queue represents a data structure that holds a list of items. Using a queue, you can send, store, and receive messages between software components at any volume, without losing messages or requiring other services to be available.

Any number of producers can push messages to the queue, and a single consumer can pop messages from the queue.
```
